meal who has had the especially
cause at discountern outdoor stuff
and today I found something again
or found my wife's address
I do not want to hide
at norma at the discounter norma there are
again cheap things for little money
car jacket for little money just under 20
Euro
then here to the outdoor had to have
I just bought
they made a very good impression
you also use it in winter so now
starts so on
not with softener
Of course, polyester polyimide and
cotton membrane
Do not wash what I think so filled
that witnesses contribute but how
feels really good right
Cozy even in 3 this cotton
membrane so here two bags one
something larger and a little smaller for example
a phone here even if one is something
they are not a big business
I think well and now two
normal to the side
a button zipper
yes, that's it, I can barely
wait to get home and off in
the forest because I have something
found at norma really have something
we are even better
Pruning shears are also crafting
not wrong
trekking shoes and here something for me
both made 21 garden
a rogue who thinks evil doing so
reminds me damn the body
going
I have the body then I go junior
I'm very excited, I think
today I found the forest then I will
great and made extensive testing though
I return an artist because of me
us too bad therefore
Packaging on won becker course
also the note
forgive yourself a few times or
Contract had to be a bit proud
So big and made around 30 euros
well, now my songs are allowed
it
Let's take a look already feels it is
past
as I have in another video
I always wanted to get fit
So then switch their fans